++ Birth of the Trivault Lords
[Core.Concepts: Origins]

+Chronicle Summary

Image Before the creatures walked the face of the world of Daes, the Ev_Relach Sogema ([Brothers of Metal]) toiled in the [Great Forge of Ryyndal] (the Odem of Fire). There they created the shapes that would decide the structure of all creatures that would roam free in the forests and mountains. These shapes made from the twelve primary metals were put into the [Reglam Well] that resided in the [Trivault] and created the Twelve Lords who would then traverse the world and educate it in all the ways of wisdom.

_Translated and transcribed by the [Lanstam Group] of [Fornaas Listuary]. Original by [Ktupra Fiaine], [1st age]._

++Preamble

To properly convey this account we must first understand a few important aspects that are not common knowledge. When a simple understanding of the early ages is achieved,one may understand with more precise acuity the raw power of the Twelve Lords. Even in the days of the [First Children],of whom the original author of this tome was a part,the power of the Lords was witnessed yet not fully understood. Though it has been over a dozen thousand years since those early days of witness, we believe that our understanding of the their majesty is more complete due to the myriad legends that have been passed down by the divergent lands of Daes.

+The Aspects


++The [Precipitant]

The true name of the [Brothers of Metal] and the [Sisters of Stone] is actually "The Precipitant". This is a title meaning, simply, that they were precipitated directly from the [Will of the Odem] and were not born or forged by any natural known means. These creatures are considered the designers of all life on the planet. When they created the designs of the Lords of Trivault, they sent forth an echo that would affect the design of all life for the rest of time.

++The Great Forge and Trivault
[Core.Chronicle: Of the Gods]

Though the mythical name, Trivault,has been known by many since the earliest of times,very few know its original heritage. When the Brothers of Fire worked their forges in the deepest places of the world; The Great Forge of Ryyndal; Chamber of Ten Thousand Fires, there was an anteroom that was used for cooling and storing the finished masterpieces. This anteroom housed the Reglam Well, designated by [Ryyndal], [Meark] and all of the [Odem] to be the most powerful of all the Wells(containing the signature of all twelve Odem) and "the place were the Chord would be struck". The anteroom (now known as Trivault) and the Great Forge have never been found to this day but is believed by many to have been a real place somewhere under the [Dragonback Mountains].

++The Author

Although there is some vague knowledge of the [Fiaine Legacy] in all corners of the world, there is a dizzying wealth of history about the [Thornskin Fiaine] and in particular Ktupra -this tome_s original author. Though it is known that the Fiaine were an ancient people now long died out and that thier favor in this world was to have the gift of remembering everything ever taught to thier particular lineage. It was said that their knowledge was retained in the blood and could never be forgotten. They were rightly designated by many as the True Chroniclers of Daes.


+Birth of The Trivault Lords

The Chamber of Ten Thousand Fires was emptied.
In the anteroom they gathered; Ten and Two Great Brothers stood
At the rim of the Reglam they sung, with arms outstretched
Holding fast the future, the Charge was wrought.

The Odem, in their great veins, waited and watched
The Sisters had pledged themselves to the cause; wells of stone and water
Now the Brothers would pledge; ingots of shape and purpose
The Precipitant ones merged their power; at the seat of the world the melded

The moment was wrought; the Brothers, Sisters and Odem
All bound in a circle; bottomless and pure
Bright at the sun; Dark as night
Cold as frost; Burning like a star
Fluid water; Static stone

When the song was done, and the silence rung
The shapes of metal, into the core of the world, were dropped
The Charge was wrought; The Purpose was made
The Chord was struck; life was born

Ten and two Lords came forth from the Reglam
One for each Shape; One for each Odem
Each with a wisdom bottomless and pure
Each one crafted for the education of the world

The council began and their shapes solidified
Where at first they were embryos; eggs from the womb of the Reglam
Now they took shape; the words of the Odem, they became born
The magnified detail brought forth by the mastery of the Brothers,
Became one in the air, upon the stone, as the ringing of a bell reaches the ear.

Wonder and power; Shape and purpose
The ringing of the wisdom in the drum of the world
The Odem and the Precipitant rejoiced in their success
The world, forever growing, would now bear fruit.

One by one their creations went forth, ringing as they went;
The words of the Odem carried upon the water and stone.


